zero-downtime restart: add initial document (#528)
fluent/fluentd-docs-gitbook: plugin-development/api-plugin-input.md

## Methods

### zero_downtime_restart_ready?

To support [Zero-downtime restart](../deployment/zero-downtime-restart.md), you can override this method to return `true`.

```ruby
def zero_downtime_restart_ready?
  true
end
```

To do this, the following condition must be met:

* This plugin can run in parallel with another Fluentd.

This is because there is a period when the old process and the new process run in parallel during a zero-downtime restart.

After addressing the following considerations and ensuring there are no issues, override this method.

> Then, the plugin will not experience downtime with zero-downtime restart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, the plugin will succeed with zero-downtime restart.
```

It could be simple enough?

Author: Thanks!
I have a little concern about whether the “succeed” is appropriate here, but I think it makes sense, so let's go with that!
